Please Print out your answers and bring it to the class on Tuesday, January 16. 
Flowcharting: Create a flowchart using Raptor for the following problems

1.  Available Credit
The following steps should be followed in a program that calculates a customer’s
available credit:


1. Display the message “Enter the customer’s maximum credit.”
2. Wait for the user to enter the customer’s maximum credit.
3. Display the message “Enter the amount of credit used by the customer.”
4. Wait for the user to enter the customer’s credit used.
5. Subtract the used credit from the maximum credit to get the customer’s available
credit.
6. Display a message that shows the customer’s available credit.


2. Sales Tax
Design a hierarchy chart or ﬂowchart for a program that calculates the total of a retail
sale. The program should ask the user for:


– The retail price of the item being purchased
– The sales tax rate
Once these items have been entered, the program should calculate and display:
– The sales tax for the purchase
– The total of the sale


3. Account Balance
Design a hierarchy chart or ﬂowchart for a program that calculates the current bal-
ance in a savings account. The program must ask the user for:


– The starting balance
– The total dollar amount of deposits made
– The total dollar amount of withdrawals made
– The monthly interest rate


Once the program calculates the current balance, it should be displayed on the screen.
Table Tracing: Create a table trace for the following algorithms

4. Algorithm #1

The variable x starts with the value 0.
The variable y starts with the value 5.
Add 1 to x.
Add 1 to y.
Add x and y, and store the result in y.
Display the value in y on the screen.


5. Algorithm #2

The variable j starts with the value 10.
The variable k starts with the value 2.
The variable l starts with the value 4.
Store the value of j times k in j.
Store the value of k times l in l.
Add j and l, and store the result in k.
Display the value in k on the screen.


6. Algorithm #3

The variable a starts with the value 1.
The variable b starts with the value 10.
The variable c starts with the value 100.
The variable x starts with the value 0.
Store the value of c times 3 in x.
Add the value of b times 6 to the value already in x.
Add the value of a times 5 to the value already in x.
Display the value in x on the screen.
Write Algorithms: Write a pseudo code and flowchart algorithm for the following problems

7. Problem #1

Your class wants a program that can take in a numeric grade and output the equivalent letter grade. 
Your solution should not accept values less than 0 or greater than 100. (Provide both the pseudocode and flowchart)

8. Problem #2

You are working for the weather channel and you have to write a program that will genearate the average temperature 
for the last 7 days. (Provide both the pseudocode and flowchart)